linkedin review takeaways

!Add a picture

!New Who Am I:
Engineer, entrepreneur, and continuous learner. Managed large-scale, multi-year aerospace programs, and successfully grew start-up offices in the U.S. for overseas companies. Broadened software development and machine learning skills and transitioned to the technology industry. I am currently specializing in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence as applied to Self-Driving Cars and Flying Cars through the Udacity Nanodegree programs.


you should be part of 3+ groups. Will encourage you to join relevant industry groups there are multiple advantages -

Getting support when you are looking for a job
Learning and sharing knowledge
There is an easy way to start a network-- is by joining groups (such as for an alma mater). Increasing connections or being part of the groups always would increase your search result.
Here are 7 tips to increase your network. - https://www.business2community.com/brandviews/act-on/making-connection-7-tips-grow-linkedin-network-01086190#17cqXI16lYuoFB61.97

Interests
Following at least a dozen (12) industry leaders, companies, and topics related to their search.

Start following a dozen (12) industry leaders this would show up better in searches. This is an easy way for you to increase the keyword count on your profile and show up better in searches.

Skills and Endorsements
At least 10 Optimized Keywords, ordered by relevance to their job search.
Skills listed can include both technical (ie: programming languages) and tech-relevant skills, such as "project management".
Skills section should not include commonly-used technologies such as Microsoft Word or PowerPoint.
Skills section should not include common soft skills like "communication" or "attention to detail".
You need to add 10 essential skills which would help you to get traction. These are 10 Optimized Keywords, ordered by relevance to your job search.
Skills listed can include both technical (ie: programming languages) and tech-relevant skills, such as "project management".
Skills section should not include commonly-used technologies such as Microsoft Word or PowerPoint.
Skills section should not include common soft skills like "communication" or "attention to detail".


create a narrative:
LinkedIn provides an amazing opportunity for users to create a narrative / a story in the summary. The summary is very imp aspect of the LinkedIn profile. You should utilize the summary to showcase your value. The content in the summary serves two purposes. It hooks visitors and invites them to read more, and it is optimized for SEO. Make sure your content is focused, clear, and well organized and has a clear call to Action with specific next steps. I would suggest you need to update your profile with a little elaborate but concise summary content. You have a very strong profile to create a story in the summary.

When you are creating a summary, please follow specification -

You should write in the First person description of your abilities, including who you work with and how you contribute.
Written with a professional but conversational tone.
This is the best place also to add - Media links to projects and other sites, including GitHub, personal websites, videos, presentations, or written work
You may think of Including a Skills section in the summary that lists top 5 key skills

There are six principles to create a successful summary. Simple- (Try to make it simple), Unexpected (Try to add a disruption to attract viewer's and reader's mind), Concrete - (Create a concrete picture), Credential (Should have credential), Emotional (add an emotional flavor too) & Story.